docs: update docs order (#407)
helmfile/helmfile: docs/index.md

March 2022 Update - The helmfile project has been moved to [helmfile/helmfile](https://github.com/helmfile/helmfile) from the former home `roboll/helmfile`. Please see roboll/helmfile#1824 for more information.

> Even though Helmfile is used in production environments [across multiple organizations](https://helmfile.readthedocs.io/en/latest/users/), it is still in its early stage of development, hence versioned 0.x.

Reviewer: The user experience might not be smooth when the user is browsing this in the markdown view on GitHub UI or viewing locally before submitting a pull request to update this md file. That said, can we leave this as-is?
```suggestion
Even though Helmfile is used in production environments [across multiple organizations](users.md), it is still in its early stage of development, hence versioned 0.x.
```

Author: @mumoshu done

    tee helmfile
$ chmod +x helmfile
$ ./helmfile sync

# helm 3
$ printf '%s\n' '#!/bin/sh' 'docker run --rm --net=host -v "${HOME}/.kube:/root/.kube" -v "${HOME}/.config/helm:/root/.config/helm" -v "${PWD}:/wd" --workdir /wd ghcr.io/helmfile/helmfile:helm3-v0.145.2 helmfile "$@"' |
    tee helmfile
$ chmod +x helmfile
$ ./helmfile sync
```

## Getting Started

Let's start with a simple `helmfile` and gradually improve it to fit your use-case!

Suppose the `helmfile.yaml` representing the desired state of your helm releases looks like:

```yaml
repositories:
 - name: prometheus-community
   url: https://prometheus-community.github.io/helm-charts

releases:
- name: prom-norbac-ubuntu
  namespace: prometheus
  chart: prometheus-community/prometheus
  set:
  - name: rbac.create
    value: false
```

Sync your Kubernetes cluster state to the desired one by running:

```console
helmfile apply
```

Congratulations! You now have your first Prometheus deployment running inside your cluster.

Iterate on the `helmfile.yaml` by referencing:

* [Configuration](#configuration)
* [CLI reference](#cli-reference).

> * [Helmfile Best Practices Guide](https://github.com/roboll/helmfile/blob/master/docs/writing-helmfile.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Helmfile Best Practices Guide](writing-helmfile.md)
```

I think some links can be changed to use relative paths so that those become easier to be tested locally and easier to read in GitHub UI. WDYT? (Let's fix those in another PRs if necessary

Author: ok.
